for those who want to learn how to mount something
magician who will be showing a
being most practical way to mount the
background has six sides not all the same
each side has a goal right
this thing will have proposal to the other
again all the color curves are not
so disposed
I read the orange or yellow post opposite the
white as well as green or little blue
advancing that year to set up the minister
christmas shopping blame you ride
first a cross cross3 is fixed right
the movement here always the pieces
on one side and as I said I sit
on mobile then always choose to ride
This group is choosing white
white is the most practical way there you
begins with the white cross, right?
on this flat screen by the white cross then
come on you have a white piece without
put this is this and this and this white
so where to start looking at the
parts that is in the middle of any kind
the fear of the middle is half to that part
half and half and this issue in the feet
corner song does not interest us picks up
cuba so never take anyway
time up there than the same rate as
you take the simple ones and you will not have
difficulty looking up now at
time in this vision here looking so you
see what happens
so that you see three sides it is
easier
here you see popular you in that
white piece right
Okay, so you just pick her up and play under her.
is here turned popular is to hear the other
side has one white who set up two
parts of the cross
Then you're looking for a white piece of paper, right?
in the middle underneath a white piece
you take this white piece here puts O
underneath where she can stay here you
will put her under it can stay
with the vacancy
I learned that the base can not right and
She is on the spot but you have
that come to turn you play after you
played there after now on the other hand she
it's here right?
shelda from the boot down here that you do not
I'm here
the white piece exactly opposite to that
I have to stay or be the part that
Do you want to put it here tonight?
she leaves the post or post here where the
same way that the white conversation ac
Her face was here and here it is.
That only plays this part up goes
want to steal time she'll find the
mount the color white
Okay, now you're riding the center, it's not
the best of the fields, right?
the four corners so it is missing the
white part
so are you have the best was mounted only
missing a detail is lacking here is the
according to the center that has to be
white orange and blue must also be
if you do it is very simply and simply
take the moment just get orange
Low down on white orange
so you're going to touch
he stirred until I found a way that I
I think you found the young white ac
for sure also below is a white
with blue look white blue and red
and blue found better use when you
found the same way
so today you see that you're missing
to scale this white with
sure this post here remember
with green right
hage remembered palm tree second division
So you're not just down.
looking for who
He does not think it's the way he is.
like this
now you will observe what all
the middle links with the cross is
correct the blue sock with the blue underwear
correct half orange with that correct ok
That's it in the next video, we're going
studying to ride these corner singing
how do I do to cheschin here corner
white with orange and green because
center that determines this curve then
here has to be here is old center
So this beer party is gonna go
be ready because you enter white and
This one is red because baby
center is red and clean the rest
fields not yet who we keep there
the next is the next